Expose a contract's agreement text on the Ledger API (#1151)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/support/release-notes.rst

  See `issue #1092 <https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/issues/1092>`__ for details.

- Added agreement text of contracts: `#1110 <https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/issues/1110>`__

  - **Java Bindings**

    - Added field ``Optional<String> agreementText`` to ``data.CreatedEvent``, to reflect the change in Ledger API.

  - **Java Codegen**

    - Added generated field ``Optional<String> TemplateName.Contract#agreementText``.
    - Added generated static method ``TemplateName.Contract.fromCreatedEvent(CreatedEvent)``.
    - Added generated static method ``TemplateName.Contract.fromIdAndRecord(String, Record, Optional<String>)``.
    - Deprecated generated static method ``TemplateName.Contract.fromIdAndRecord(String, Record)`` in favor of the new static methods in the generated ``Contract`` classes.

>     - Changed the generated `decoder utility class <https://docs.daml.com/app-dev/bindings-java/codegen.html#generate-the-decoder-utility-class>`__ to use the new ``fromCreatedEvent`` method.

Author: @gerolf-da: Use a `:ref:` link.

    - Changed the return type of the ``getDecoder`` method in the generated decoder utility class from ``Optional<BiFunction<String, Record, Contract>>`` to ``Optional<Function<CreatedEvent, Contract>>``.

>   How to migrate:

Reviewer: If there are migration instructions, does that mean it's a breaking change?

Author: I'll mark this change as breaking.

Author: See 11a465f4.

  - **Java Codegen**

    - Added generated field ``Optional<String> TemplateName.Contract#agreementText``.
    - Added generated static method ``TemplateName.Contract.fromCreatedEvent(CreatedEvent)``.
      This is the preferred method to use for converting a ``CreatedEvent`` into a ``Contract``.
    - Added generated static method ``TemplateName.Contract.fromIdAndRecord(String, Record, Optional<String>)``.
      This method is useful for setting up tests, when you want to convert a ``Record`` into a contract without having to create a ``CreatedEvent`` first.
    - Deprecated generated static method ``TemplateName.Contract.fromIdAndRecord(String, Record)`` in favor of the new static methods in the generated ``Contract`` classes.
    - Changed the generated :ref:`decoder utility class <daml-codegen-java-decoder-class>` to use the new ``fromCreatedEvent`` method.
    - Changed the return type of the ``getDecoder`` method in the generated decoder utility class from ``Optional<BiFunction<String, Record, Contract>>`` to ``Optional<Function<CreatedEvent, Contract>>``.

  How to migrate:

>   - If you are manually constructing instances of ``data.CreatedEvent`` (e.g.: for testing), you need to add an ``Optional<String>`` value as constructor parameter for the ``agreementText`` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If you are manually constructing instances of ``data.CreatedEvent`` (for example, for testing), you need to add an ``Optional<String>`` value as constructor parameter for the ``agreementText`` field.
```

>   - All calls to ``Contract.fromIdAndRecord`` should be changed to ``Contract.fromCreatedEvent``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You should change all calls to ``Contract.fromIdAndRecord`` to ``Contract.fromCreatedEvent``.
```

Author: There's the passive voice again. Thank you.

    .. code-block:: java

        // BEFORE
        CreatedEvent event = ...;
        Iou.Contract contract = Iou.Contract.fromIdAndRecord(event.getContractId(), event.getArguments()));

        // AFTER
        CreatedEvent event = ...;
        Iou.Contract contract = Iou.Contract.fromCreatedEvent(event);

  - Pass the ``data.CreatedEvent`` directly to the function returned by the decoder's ``getDecoder`` method.

>     If you are using the decoder utility class' method ``fromCreatedEvent``, you don't need to change anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are using the decoder utility class method ``fromCreatedEvent``, you don't need to change anything.
```
